Gabriel Lara: Morning.
Gabriel Lara: Well, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm going to open up a note. So maybe a little silence for a minute. Welcome to update me on the doings of
Gwenevere Abriel: Being home all the time, but I'll be a little distracted opening up a new
Gabriel Lara: Things are going okay
Gabriel Lara: Working going well. So I'm happy about that.
Gabriel Lara: We have a, like a sales board.
Gabriel Lara: That show like how people are doing throughout the week.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, and I'm number one in the country.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that nice
Gabriel Lara: Feels really good
Gabriel Lara: They did some
Gabriel Lara: Some layoffs yesterday. One second round of layoffs.
Gabriel Lara: No would have survived the boat and they did my one year evaluation yesterday and I'm doing really well so
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like you're noticing you're putting away a little extra money for just in case, kind of thing scenario.
Gabriel Lara: Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people are doing that.
Gabriel Lara: Surprisingly, I haven't got much stimulus.
You
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, I applied for it. Well supposedly everyone is supposed to be getting everyone that every individual that makes under I think 77 and every couple that makes less than a combined income of 250,000 a year.
Gabriel Lara: Will automatically get I can be filed you filed
Gabriel Lara: The file taxes and 24 2019 you'll get it.
Gabriel Lara: But I haven't gotten it so
Gabriel Lara: Hopefully, once that comes in and you know definitely boost my savings but
Gabriel Lara: I'm doing okay so far.
Gabriel Lara: Well, the thing is that I didn't file tax and
Gabriel Lara: So I had to like do back taxes and I owe a little bit from 2018
Gabriel Lara: But one thing is that I finally done it. I've done all of it. And finally caught up to 2018 2019 so I'm back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. That doesn't seem right to say we're told money for the stimulus. You know what I mean, this isn't the time to be working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Separate issues. All right, let me just get some paper here.
Gabriel Lara: No good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about the rest of your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they hanging in or is there certain
Gwenevere Abriel: Family members starting to
Gabriel Lara: They're doing good.
Gabriel Lara: My, my own Teresa in California.
Gabriel Lara: Have coronavirus today.
Gabriel Lara: So like every everyone in their home. I'm happy to be quarantine and enter my cousin Claudia my cousin Liliana, my cousin, Stephen.
Gabriel Lara: Died.
Gabriel Lara: A few years ago, so
Gabriel Lara: But the thing is, when we were when we were at a funeral together about a few months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, and she was like holding the baby and
Gabriel Lara: When it turned out that she had she testified the front row, we were like, what the
Gabriel Lara: Mission doing better now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And yeah, it's not we, you know, if we have enough resilience in our immune system, we're going to, we're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's still it's a scary thing. Was there a moment where you got kind of scared around that.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah yeah
Gabriel Lara: She's already like an older lady.
Gabriel Lara: You know, in his late 60s, early 70s. So is concerning and she's an important figure in our family.
And I
Gabriel Lara: My heart.
Gabriel Lara: In California, and she was hanging out with my grandma and my grandma's really old and really
Gabriel Lara: Worried about grammar.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm starting to look at your
Gwenevere Abriel: My last note with you and it looks like a really big piece that I like to do with people. I haven't done which surprises me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we could do that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, if I said have you ever developed an anchor room because maybe the note. They don't always get kind of moved over from one session to the next this anchor room is things like I'll say something
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, what's something you're blocked in let's add a room to the current home you're in. Now does that sound familiar at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, let's do it unless you've got some sort of pressing right now. It doesn't sound like you're kind of like kind of feeling pretty good about your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's take this opportunity because we have a nice full hour sometimes these anchor rooms can take many sessions.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can take well or not in one session, it can be done. So let me give a little bit of invitation around it. You've been working with me a little bit, the basics are I'll be the guide, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to do analysis, you don't have to wonder. Oh, what's she doing, what's that good enough to where she scrolling around she's trying to analyze something you don't have to worry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now all you have to do is pay attention to the next thing that comes up that's always what I'm looking for. Oh, I just noticed, like I felt defensive. Well, I just noticed I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Cry I'm noticing tearing my stomach feel sick. Oh, my back just hurt. You know, I want to know about the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know about the guts. I want to know about emotions when you can label them. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know that felt sense in the body and also thoughts. Well, I just thought, How dare you think that or I just got a memory. Whoa, that came out of nowhere. I just caught this glimpse of blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm looking for. Try not to predict what I'm going to do, it'll get in a way of giving yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: An uncensored experience and we're unlikely to get some core dynamics. If you're people pleasing trying to look good, that kind of thing, it will really get in your way, and it'll extend this process and it won't be as productive for you.
Gabriel Lara: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the basics are my next question will be the guide and just answer that one. It's probably going to be kind of a short response and then there'll be my next question then will be my next question. Another sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Parameter around this activity is it's very tempting to want to force memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to remember to when I was this age. I'm not quite what I'm doing. There's really only three things that I'm going to be pretty precise around memories going to be how old
Gwenevere Abriel: What was a nickname. And then the third question will be somewhere when we're kind of deeper into the process.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to probably be tempted to want to press hard to. Well that didn't happen when I was this age, but that's not what I'm looking for. This is imagination. This is the anchor room is basically your happy place. You know, it's got everything that you need all the
Gwenevere Abriel: Resources all of the emotional stability, everything you need. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I see you kind of pushing really hard to force it to be. Well, that's not what happened. This is what, then I might say, hey, doesn't have to be remembered. Go to imagination and there'll be opportunities to refine that. Okay, I think I've given all the parameters.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job is just to pay attention to your truth. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's begin by developing this anchor room by finding out where you are still stuck. So, for a lot of people in your life right now. Like, man, I'm still feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: A little underdeveloped you and this area of my life. I'd like to improve over here. Where are you still feeling a bit blocked, like you're not quite sure what to do.
Gabriel Lara: I want to say in my own luck on the education side of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so say it. I'm because what do you mean how would you be blocked in your education side like say as
Gabriel Lara: I was
Gabriel Lara: Like I feel like I still need to finish nursing school like it's always on the back of my mind I dream about it. I think about it every day. I bring it up in conversation, often
Gabriel Lara: I honestly truthfully feel that I'm going to go back to it. I just don't know when. And I don't want to make the mistake of leaving my job again and then
Gabriel Lara: Going to nursing school and then changing my mind and trying to come back because it's just a bad look
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gabriel Lara: Like I have to commit to one or the other. And it's just
Gabriel Lara: You know, luckily I jumped out of there. What I did, because I guess the students at the school aren't getting credit for the spring semester.
Gabriel Lara: Now, because of the shutdown.
Gabriel Lara: And the students can go today, they can go to the hospitals, they couldn't finish the semester. So they got a refund and they're gonna have to do it again. And then the summer is online.
Gabriel Lara: So basically the spring semester and summer semester finished and those would have been a few semesters and I needed to graduate and luckily I jumped out that way.
Gabriel Lara: Now just integration.
Gabriel Lara: But that's a big thing. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have two semesters left
Gabriel Lara: Three.
Side.
Gabriel Lara: It would have been the to spring and summer it had been in the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have three semesters left
Gabriel Lara: To graduate. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he would have been a waste of time. Right.
Gabriel Lara: Right, because I wouldn't have done credit for this spring and the summer would have been discontinued.
Gabriel Lara: So I wouldn't have been able to attend and I would have been looking for a job. In the meantime, and there's been a headache.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would say I would say for for the remainder of this activity, I noticed that you kind of started explained why you gave your response.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get was quite a bit of storytelling. After that, I would say, moving forward, your response is exactly enough and it's just right. You don't have to do the
Gwenevere Abriel: Explaining part you owe me nothing. You already know the truth. You already have your facts. Okay, so that I know the temptation is going to be to want to to default to that but you in here in this activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might not be as productive as you think ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. I think I've got an idea. So, um, let's go to go go into that experience of you're feeling blocked around an unfinished nursing degree.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to death. That's a, that's a thought. Now go to the emotion that you get when you have that thought. I have this unfinished nursing degree. What's the emotion you get
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay yeah unsettling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gabriel Lara: Angry
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay in that turn further in to introspection turn less into the data you're getting through video. I'm not going to have anything useful coming through visual what's probably going to be useful is my next question. My next invitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: The resource and answers will come from you, from within. So let's try to focus all your attention inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now pay attention to what that I'm settling that angry emotion around an unfinished nursing degree just find it in your somatic experience that's your felt body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience, where is it in your body. Where is that true yeah this is unsettling. Yep, I'm angry.
Gabriel Lara: My body like where I feel
Gabriel Lara: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That okay and describe what that right above gut feels like kind of hold your hand there and kind of turn in
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe even close your eyes, because most of this is really all of it won't even need your eyes open to turn awareness inward trying settled in someplace pretty comfortable where you're seated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense of size of that gut feeling that right up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Above the got. Is there any heat to it. Is there a color to it, these are, this is where we start to go into this sort of thing.
Gabriel Lara: It's almost like a dark man like a baseball five
Gabriel Lara: Like thing.
Gabriel Lara: Like it hold emotion and anger and it's a lot of negative feeling
Gabriel Lara: When I think about it and I feel it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right there. Now I want to bring it back to the. This is where I remember I said there'd be memories to we're going to go back. We're going to bridge back or we're going to do regression. We're just going to catch an age walk it back, feeling that dark mass unsettling anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: tumor size eating away at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And try and see how old this is go back in time, I want to catch the earliest age when that existed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk it back to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll get back to 1715 1413
Gabriel Lara: I feel like it is developed about three years ago, not even very, very long ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me check on that. Um, let's see. So how do you know that didn't exist at let's say 28
Gabriel Lara: I guess I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll feel it. That's why right you're thinking. Good. You're really
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to figure that out. That's why this question is important to just sit there
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to rule it out so sit with maybe some goings ons and 28 and 29 checking right here. This is where we got to really focus right above the got
Gwenevere Abriel: He might be where that diaphragm is not sure kind of where that middle of where the top of the organs are in the bottom of the organs, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get a sense of whether that unsettled feeling existed, whether that anger existed. So it's hard to do. Take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep working backwards to see if it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you were doing interacting with people.
Gabriel Lara: started happening is when I am when I started getting arrested. Often when
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when that
Gabriel Lara: Happened about like what I when I was first arrested for driving under the influence.
Gwenevere Abriel: What age.
Gabriel Lara: About 21
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check on it, even then I wrote it down. Let me check. So walk it back again. There was a real life. Hi think it got started. Then let me. Let's just keep checking. Welcome back before that there's a real sense of this timing with the alcohol right in there 21
Gwenevere Abriel: And then forward now walk back a little further.
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking and see unsettled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something unfinished anger, see if it's there at 19 1817 keep walking back
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to catch the earliest age.
Gabriel Lara: I think it was after another time after high school after I graduated I had the opportunity to go to college and
Gabriel Lara: I didn't want to. And then, New Mexico. There's a thing called the lottery scholarship
Gabriel Lara: That I was eligible to get it and I turned it down because I didn't want to go to school at the time. I just wanted to hang out and party with my friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: told me the story. That's true. I know it's true. Let's walk back. Keep going back. Yeah. Then, boy, it's still, it's like I didn't want to go. I wanted, I was offered this opportunity. I didn't want to. I wanted to party.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, something. Okay. Welcome back, further back 17
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's an unsettled, and it's angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's just one piece of that. And it's up in that
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: A dark
Gabriel Lara: Mother divorced when father
Gabriel Lara: When I was younger, and we moved to New Mexico and California
Gabriel Lara: Because I didn't want. Yeah. Cuz I didn't want to leave, California. I wanted to stay with my father and my mother said it was just true. We're just going to come visit for a while and it turned out we just stayed
Gabriel Lara: Yeah. Yeah. And I felt like to live betrayed and
Gabriel Lara: I would act out and I would want to go back and I would say that I couldn't go back to sit with my dad and they wouldn't let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel that in that same spot. Do you feel it there. That one's
Gabriel Lara: A big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I remember that story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so we're thorough this anchor room is awfully powerful. So let's really roll it out and by rolling it out. It means we checking back even further. Now this age, was this a London, how old was this
Gabriel Lara: About so yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's walk back for that. Let's go to fifth grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fifth grade this greatest 10 check and see kind of picture what you're doing and whether that that space up there that dark mass eating away at you. Was there where it holds emotions anger and negative feeling
Gabriel Lara: I remember in the fifth grade when we were going to leave elementary school and go into middle school. I think it was
Gabriel Lara: And at the end of the year, they would all take us to an amusement park to Six Flags Magic Mountain and California and
Gabriel Lara: You know, but he said get in trouble. Have you got in trouble. You know, you would be food from the trip.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, and
Gabriel Lara: I remember
Gabriel Lara: We were sitting at a cafe.
Gabriel Lara: And we wouldn't get these little salsa package and then he twisted them up stepped on them. You can splatter it against somebody up
Gabriel Lara: I remember one of the kids sitting next to me twisted went up and stepped on it and splattered kid.
Gabriel Lara: And
Gabriel Lara: After lunch was over. I was walking to class and the kid that got splattered thought I did it. And he punched me in the face.
Gabriel Lara: And I thought,
Gabriel Lara: I thought, oh, you know, I can't you know back because
Gabriel Lara: Then I won't be able to go on and shirt.
Gabriel Lara: And
Gabriel Lara: He just kept
Gabriel Lara: egging me on and I just said, screw it, and I got in a fight with him. And then I went into the principal's office and I felt them in the same area just report regret anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you not get to go
Gabriel Lara: No, I stood up.
Gwenevere Abriel: In office was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that feeling, what kind of thing.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah. Again, like why would I let anger get ahold of me, and I should have been more calm.
Gabriel Lara: And they understood
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and see. Let's go back a little further.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to fourth grade, go to nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: acquainting fifth grade nap. The top of the class or school that point. So you're in nine and
Gwenevere Abriel: Officially doings going on at home in your world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe sports, maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture eight
Gabriel Lara: I remember a time when
Gabriel Lara: You're not wouldn't when I was when I was in elementary is going about the third grade, I would ride the bus to school and
Gabriel Lara: They had this program where they would take inner city kids and drive them and then you take a bus and the bus would take you a little further out to a nicer school so you wouldn't be so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah we call magnet schools out here.
Gabriel Lara: Okay, yeah, I'm
Gabriel Lara: In California, I'm not sure what what the program was called when I was part of that program. And then, then it would bust me back into where we live in Sydney. Yeah.
Gabriel Lara: You know, the inner city.
Gabriel Lara: And
Gabriel Lara: And then you know when, what's the bus will drop us off. I have my little friend, and then I'd walk home and on that I met this group of friends there. And then I don't know how it came about what we
Gabriel Lara: At one point, we would go to this little GAS STATION AND IT'S ONE OF THE FIRST TIME EVER SOLD ANYTHING. And we would just steal candies and chips.
Gabriel Lara: And then we all go to one of our houses and then a snack and eat everything and all the chips, all the candy have a talk that we've gotten and
Gabriel Lara: Then once we can, we would do it almost every day and then one time we got caught. And one of the kids so that beer from the cooler.
Gabriel Lara: Well, the gas station that wasn't a gas station. It was more like it's like a little Bodega Thai place because it wasn't built in so gas. It was just, you know, liquor and snacks and whatnot.
Gabriel Lara: And my kids love beer and we got caught on the police were called and they made a big deal about it.
Gabriel Lara: And they kept on me, who told the kids with the beard. And so the kids are still a beer and over take upon themselves to still be just didn't know how to say it. I was in so much trouble. I felt like I wasn't so much trouble. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and you didn't. You didn't know how to say the kid took it upon himself. We
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes the person that's doing the young guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, say that
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, I didn't know how to say it. And they kept
Gabriel Lara: Yelling and, you know, they all look so much bigger than me and
Gabriel Lara: I remember feeling shame and
Gabriel Lara: The number of
Gwenevere Abriel: A police officer so much bigger than you.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, you were I'm trying to track this back if you're in third. You're only like eight
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just a little guy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you like beer. When you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight. How did you already know that part.
Gabriel Lara: Because it takes it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was around the house.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, my dad drink a lot of
Gabriel Lara: Parties, you know, family gatherings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that you may be drank a whole cup at that age or earlier.
Gabriel Lara: No, no, just like
Gabriel Lara: Me, I didn't like it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything earlier than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be interesting. So instead, that's feel feel up here are exploring how old that dark mass eating away you is trying to see how old bridging it back. We're regressing back to early, early ages gotten back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Each eight
Gwenevere Abriel: tethered you kind of talk long ago was it there at seven, you can move it back, you really see how was this there was going on. That wasn't there really sit with it.
Gabriel Lara: far back as I can remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, did you so we're going to go with age eight and. And did you have a nickname at age eight
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm probably going to be distinguishing between the two. So I'll just say younger Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that going to be okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I might say you it will be you and then it might be younger Gabriel
Booker.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can distinguish
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's do some of the sort of imagination. Now, okay, this is the part. This isn't something you've done before. So it's going to kind of be off of the creative side of the brain. Okay. Give yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see what comes up. So I want you to look around this home you're in now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ground in a sense of it we present with the home, you're in
Gwenevere Abriel: The corner right what's over there can look what's in front and behind where you're seated.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to imagine a room is attached to this home you're in
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be anywhere anything
Gwenevere Abriel: And what kind of room pops into your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like so. I'm a bit like a mushroom shape.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gabriel Lara: No windows moon.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's gonna ask about those windows. Okay, so, um, now take a look around. Are you in that in that room right now sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tried to turn off what you're seeing in your video and try and get in that space because I'm going to be now really going to be focusing focusing on all the sensory awareness of being in that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: But like you picture sort of what you see on the walls that space.
Gabriel Lara: Like I can see the room. The machine standing outside looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, you're outside of it.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, I'm looking at it.
Gabriel Lara: It's like one of those super mario machine like a red dots on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can picture a supermarket.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
WEBVTT
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so this is Gabriel, Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: The program crashed earlier. This is the continual
Gwenevere Abriel: Zoom seems to have crashed for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's probably just going to be part of life for a while.
Gabriel Lara: no contact order.
Gwenevere Abriel: People
Gwenevere Abriel: Most, most organizations. I mean, I've been using it for socializing to it's just everybody up on it. All right, let's come back. Let me bring it back here. If that happens, again, just give it a second because I had to log out and come back in. So
Gwenevere Abriel: We just make sure this note I did copy paste it somewhere else. Just to make sure I didn't lose all that work you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just see. What's the carrier's doing alright so I closed it I'm opening it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up here, I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're good. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see the last part about bit about the mushroom isn't there. That didn't save but I've got I think I've got that somewhere else. Let me see something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it. Let me just grab it here copy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me bring it back to sort of go back to, kind of, hey you're standing outside, you're looking at this, this mushroom. Is it like its own room or is it a little house like
Gabriel Lara: Took a little, a little house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gabriel Lara: Not a very big house.
Yeah.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that's what a little Dora's
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a little door and you're about to tell me. Oh, so the door, and then I couldn't quite get the color and then we dropped out. What was the door color.
Gabriel Lara: Brown door.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think it's made of
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is the handle look like. And is there a locking system.
Gabriel Lara: So gold handle
Gabriel Lara: knockers on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about the locking system.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a sense of why you're not inside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's okay. But no, it's okay. Just stay there. So, um, as it changes just kind of keep me informed. So the invitation was to be aware of this space. And what you notice was the we're outside of another little house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's the initial invitation is indeed to get everything you need and want in that space. So what do you think could be in there that would draw you in. You want to go in and check it out.
Gabriel Lara: Happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. And what would let's say an eight year old one in there for happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, where are they, and it
Gabriel Lara: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: I just sent there on the all the different colors and all the perfect flavors are they cooled and children a warm
Gabriel Lara: Warm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just the right
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that enough to get eight year old to check out. What else is in there.
Gabriel Lara: Your big gaming system.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Big gaming system. Okay. And how does he know there's a gaming system in there, isn't there yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's in a big gaming system. OK, so now let's have this young person look around on the walls and now describe what you see
Gabriel Lara: Door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's dark and calls. Is it a color. Can you get the sense of the color of what the walls are made of. And what the color is
Gabriel Lara: Dog.
Gabriel Lara: dark and cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And is there anything on the walls attached hanging
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you see maybe big TV console with your gaming system. Can you see that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the size of that screen.
Gabriel Lara: Number.
Gabriel Lara: 32 inch TV. Maybe it's one of those old box TVs.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing in that room. What are you doing,
Gabriel Lara: Looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything else in the room you're standing and let's see if there's anything else that this younger self wants in there.
Gabriel Lara: Like a little shelf to the left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's on there.
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep looking around the room look at the other walls and check out the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's made made of
Gabriel Lara: dirt floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking back now at the door. Is that how you got there, because you can get there and then a lot of different ways did you walk through the door. Okay. And is it open right now. Is it locked
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Oh, it's shut
Gwenevere Abriel: But still no locking system. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No locking system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that OK for the eight year old. There's no lock.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any furniture.
Gabriel Lara: Recliner in front of the game system.
Gabriel Lara: Has one of those handles on the side that we call it
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what color is that recliner.
Gabriel Lara: Like a brown old school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and does it look comfortable
Gabriel Lara: It looks, it looks old and beat up. But it's very comfortable and you sit on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperature.
Gabriel Lara: 65 degrees.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel those
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get some tactile awareness be, be aware of, maybe help your feet meet that dirt floor in some way what that experience is like.
Gabriel Lara: Little
Gabriel Lara: Little human
Gwenevere Abriel: Human add cold and is it, how do you know that will party body notices the humid and cold.
Gabriel Lara: My arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: So welcome to experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's turn awareness. Now to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tori.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Gabriel Lara: Static from the TV.
Gabriel Lara: Yes.
Gabriel Lara: But it's just me and there's no no
Gwenevere Abriel: sense now of other
Gwenevere Abriel: Other senses. Let's tune into media taste. See if you can either harder these last couple ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: The smell awareness of US smell maybe catch that one first and then go to taste.
You
Gabriel Lara: Hear the dirt shuffling the other needs issues and you kind of get a taste of it.
Gabriel Lara: Right.
Uh huh.
Gabriel Lara: Dirt smell that you get when the deaths. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention now to the body do a scan maybe moving from the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forehead inside the ears and I sockets through the skull and in to the cheekbones and into the mouth and down to the chin and jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Larynx and herrings collarbone back muscles shoulders, arms straight through as if Superman scan straight through your body, all of you into the lungs solar plexus got
Gwenevere Abriel: The ponds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eyes and knees calves Achilles heel the ankle ball of your foot. The arch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heel arch foot all of that the hands. All of you just get a scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does the body feel in this space in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Little House.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the emotional yep safe and more
Gwenevere Abriel: About an emotional level.
Gabriel Lara: Content and
That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here comes the third memory piece. So hold on. Stay there in that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: This question I'm going to repeat like three or four times because it's such an odd one. So, don't rush it don't hurry. It just let the answer come when it arrives. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a funny one. It's maybe never been phrase to quite like this before nuts. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my question is what did this eight year old have to believe at this age in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: He may have absorbed this information from a community from a mother and a father from a sibling from a society from a culture. He may have absorbed misinformation and he had to believe it in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you the adult know that was BS. That's not true but little man at age eight
Gwenevere Abriel: He had to leave it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It got it was misinformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not true. It's a lie. What was that misinformation that he had to believe in order to survive at that time.
Gabriel Lara: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture your own self at that time saying everything's gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you miss it. That was, that was a lie to the self, you sure it was you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I told myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything will be okay.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See information from others. During that chaos and a lot going on in your life. What was the message that you received from others during that time.
Gabriel Lara: That everything was going to be okay.
Gabriel Lara: What their actions and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Where the adult version of you is
Gwenevere Abriel: In this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he outside the doors. He in another country is in outer space, where does this younger version. Kind of want the adult. And this is where we're going to start, what kind of come out of this a little bit, and I will come back to you and I talking, this will be the last purchase for today.
Gabriel Lara: We can say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you adult you
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you think the the younger the eight year old. Where do you think if he if he could maybe have you as a resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want them in the room and you want him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next door. What do you want, and then country, where do you want to
Gabriel Lara: Probably get about
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does he feel knowing he's nearby.
Gabriel Lara: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to end with that same president that check your body, see if that's true. How's that upper above that gut spot.
Gabriel Lara: really bothering
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay.
Gabriel Lara: Now when
Gabriel Lara: younger self. Think of adult self.
Have a quote
Gwenevere Abriel: That hasn't close okay so nearby and close
Gwenevere Abriel: You get the sense that he's in the room just outside the door. He's in the room.
Gabriel Lara: Setting right
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So be present with that. And he's right there. And notice what
Gwenevere Abriel: Number Gabriel gets to do once he feels good and safe when you are close by right next to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: How his attention gets to turn to what interests him and what he gets to do just want to tune into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And after you've really settled into that space will come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Gabriel Lara: Good night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of a different way to start the morning
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, good.
Gabriel Lara: Rebecca lot of memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as therapists are good for
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is you actually got pretty far and it worked very hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're pretty far.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this space. There's a couple of more things I want to introduce to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll probably pick it up over the coming sessions. If unless there's something there's ever anything and you kind of know that from group to if you guys ever have anything that's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I in front of you, like, I gotta talk about this right now. Um, my agenda will always be sent off to the side so um but so far if everything's sort of goes along and
Gwenevere Abriel: Things are kind of clipping along pretty stable emotional pretty stable financial pretty stable residential, you know, the domains of your life are pretty even keel, and probably invite us to continue that process and develop that room further
Gwenevere Abriel: With that can be for people and you can use it right away if you want to. It's yours to your mind is, it's a safe place. It's a safe place to process a decision, maybe that you have kind of going on. Or let's say you want to settle your, your emotions somewhere and
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go there can visualize it. Feel good there and then solve problems. They're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I want to do this, do I want to do that. And that's a place that you can go to anytime you want to. Okay. And again, it's, it's not quite finished yet but I'm just giving you
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, why bother. Why would I do this. Why would this be of service to you. It's not only therapeutic in the work that we're doing, but it also serves as an actual skill, a place your happy place that you can go in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: That has everything you need. We're almost done with it. So bravo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet you kind of get a sense of your calendar.
Gabriel Lara: Here, give me one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would may 7 at seven work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to message, your doctor about
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescription like what messaging messaging that you're here. Do you need me to send them anything.
Gabriel Lara: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're good. Well, enjoy your day.
Thank you.